\input texinfo
@c %**start of header
@setfilename abook.info
@settitle Addressbook Manual

@set VERSION 0.1
@set DATE May 2007

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Addressbook: (addressbook).   Simple addressbook for Emacs
@end direntry

@c Version and Contact Info
@set MAINTAINERSITE @uref{http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/AddressBook}
@set AUTHOR Jose E. Marchesi
@set MAINTAINER Jose E. Marchesi
@set MAINTAINEREMAIL @email{jemarch at gnu dot org}
@set MAINTAINERCONTACT @uref{mailto:jemarch at gnu dot org, contact the maintainer}
@c %**end of header
@finalout

@copying
This manual is for Addressbook (version @value{VERSION}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2007 Jose E. Marchesi

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections.
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Addressbook Manual

@subtitle Release @value{VERSION}
@author by Jose E. Marchesi

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex

@node Top, Summary, (dir), (dir)
@top Addressbook Manual

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Summary::                                     Brief summary of the addressbook
* Getting the program::                         Downloading the addressbook               
* Installation::                                How to install the adressbook
* Configuration::               
* Contacts::                                    The addressbook stores data about contacts
* Accessing the addressbook::                   
* Importing and exporting contact data::  
@end menu

@node Summary, Getting the program, Top, Top
@section Summary

AddressBook is a simple vCard based addressbook for Emacs.

It is similar to the insidious big brother database, but instead of
using a custom format for data storage, it uses the standard vCard
format to maintain contacts data.

@node Getting the program, Installation, Summary, Top
@section Getting the program

You need the following files in order to run the addressbook:

@itemize @bullet
@item
addressbook.el
@url{http://es.gnu.org/~jemarch/downloads/addrbook/addressbook.el}
@item
A modified version of Noah Friedman's vcard.el 
@url{http://es.gnu.org/~jemarch/downloads/addrbook/vcard.el}
@end itemize

Note that since the addressbook is under heavy development and it has
not released yet, those files may change (even several times in a
day). You can use the CVS Id tag to determine if you are downloading a
new version.
   

@node Installation, Configuration, Getting the program, Top
@section Installation

Make @file{abook.el} and @file{vcard.el} loadable to your emacs (put the
files in a directory contained in your @code{load-path}).

You can customize the addressbook using the customize interface. If
you dont like to use customize, take a look into the sources for
interesting variables.

The most important variable to set is @code{abook-file}, that contain
the file where you store your contacts (a collection of vCards). It
defaults to @file{~/.abook}.

@node Configuration, Contacts, Installation, Top
@section Configuration

@node Contacts, Accessing the addressbook, Configuration, Top
@section Contacts

The addressbook manages a collection of contact data.

@node Accessing the addressbook, Importing and exporting contact data, Contacts, Top
@section Accessing the addressbook

There are several ways to access the addressbook:

@itemize @bullet
@item
Opening the interactive interface calling the interactive function @code{abook}
@item
Inserting a new contact without open the interactive interface calling
the interactive function @code{abook-create}
@item
Using the addressbook API (see FIXME:)
@item
From any other application that uses the addressbook API (such as a MUA).
@end itemize

Next sections of this manual discuss the interactive interface.

@node Importing and exporting contact data,  , Accessing the addressbook, Top
@section Importing and exporting contact data

@bye
